# sigma ⚡︎ firma?

## ABOUT
sigma ⚡︎ firma is an advanced software development and consulting firm, 
operating at the intersection of technological innovation and strategic 
business transformation. We target industry leaders seeking custom solutions
for optimizing and enhancing critical infrastructure components. We offer 
consultation services and specialize in full stack software engineering, 
including product development, deployment, and management. sigma ⚡︎ firma can 
design, create, and deploy local and cloud based applications in as little as 
minutes, and for less than you think.

## DEVOPS, MICROSERVICES, & CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & INTEGRATION
The first stage of our development cycle consists of analyzing a project's 
scope and designing a linear workflow around it, aiming for completion within 
the client's time-frame and budget. Complex tooling often requires a myriad of 
finely-tuned and optimized services working in unison. Our company designs, 
creates, deploys, and maintains these services, and helps teams do the same. 
Our product delivery process implements a continuous integration and deployment
pipeline, automating and streamlining builds, tests, security audits, version 
control, backups, staging, deployments, and other workflow mechanisms, using 
state-of-the-art cloud-based solutions, microservices, and unique, custom 
tooling, to quickly and reliably deliver fully functional products to 
end-users.

## DATA REFINEMENT
Data refinement is the process of analyzing and transforming data into useful, 
valuable information. Our company can help your company build tools for data 
mining and analysis, capable of exposing and extracting valuable insights and 
hidden statistics, revealing long-term and achievable avenues of revenue, and 
ultimately forming foundational components of sustainable economic growth.

## SERVICES
 - Product consultation & design
 - Product research & development
 - Product deployment & management, locally or on the cloud
 - Microservice & component based architectures
 - Continuous integration & development workflows for advanced tooling
 - Data scraping & analysis
 - Infrastructure & task automation
 - Financial integrations, stock analysis tools, & trend detection services
 - REST API's & http(s) servers
 - Database design & administration
 - Security assessments
 - DevOps

## WE ARE THE BEST
Does your business need an advanced website or data analysis tools? Are you 
trying to develop a new product but need help designing the software? Does your
business need to integrate data from multiple sources? Could automating tasks 
or monitoring data fluctuations increase your businesses profits? 
sigma ⚡︎ firma can help your company design and build products that can 
streamline these actions and increase your businesses profits. Contact us for a
free consultation, and find out how we can transform your business TODAY.
